 Deepanshu Bhadauria is a Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science Specialization in AI by IBM, GLA University (Percenta University) He is currently working on a PhD in computer science at the GLA university in India .
 Data Cleaning and Information Extraction Intern, IIT BHU May 2023 – July 2023 . Data Operation Intern collaborated with a team to preprocess data . Collaborated with a . team to . preprocess  data . Interpreparation .
 Python libraries like Pandas and NumPy help clean large datasets using Python . Utilized techniques like handling missing values, dealing with outliers, and standardizing data formats for improved data quality. Utilised techniques like dealing with missing values .
 Head of Technical Team at Club Literario, GLA University, Mathura September 2023 – January 2023 . Led development of frontend components using React.js, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, and CSS . Build Personal Song Playlist .
 s with Machine Learning August 2023 – October 2024 . Developed an unsupervised K-Means model to categorize songs into distinct groups . Applied data preprocessing techniques such as normalization, scaling and Principal Component Analysis (PCA) for dimens .
 Box Drop Food Ordering App is a meal ordering and delivery app with an integrated product recommendation system . The app is based on a model of ionality reduction. It was developed in May 2024 - July 2024 . It is the first time Box Drop has been used in a food ordering app .
 A Flutter-based app for meal ordering and delivery was developed by Github_Link . Implemented a product recommendation system to suggest meals based on user preferences and order history . The app is based on the user's order history and preferences .
 The system uses Natural Language Processing (NLP) and machine learning to create a sentiment analysis system . Preprocessed text data using tokenization, stop-word removal, and stemming/lemmatization . Implemented feature extracti.e February 2024 – March 2024.
 The model predicts sentiment in real-time text data using techniques such as TF-IDF and word embeddings . It was deployed using the Flask API and integrated it into an interactive dashboard . The model is based on a model that predicts sentiment based on real-world text data .
 Java (Core), Python, Mysql, React.js, JavaScript, Html and Css, Node.js . NLP (NLP) involves Text processing, Sentiment analysis, Topic Modeling Machine Learning . Strong Analytical and problem-solving skills, good Communication skills .
 Meta Android Development Certification Certified by META 8 August 2023 . Micro Experience Certificate Certified by Bluetick.ai 20 November 2023. Head of Web Team, Club Literario September 2023 – January 2024; Semi-Fi Android Development Certified .
 Participation in Techfest Hackathon Organised in IIT Bombay 25 - 29 Dec 2023 . Techgium Hackathon by L&T April 2024. nalist, TechGium Hackathion by L.T. April 2024 .